# Feudal Stars
This is my first foray into coding in a very long time, and I'm using this project as a hands-on learning experience. So the scope of this may change as I encounter immovable obstacles, or learn new tricks.

Feudal Stars will begin as a text-based, turn-based game where you pilot a ship through sectors, collect, buy and sell resources, find a place to make your own, or take whatever isn't bolted down for scrap. I'm intentionally dialing back expectations for the scope of the game as of right now, but a couple of the influences will be TradeWars2002 (and door games in general) and Stars!. I hope to make a game that will let you do the things listed above, and then I'll add complexity to the galaxy, so that eventually players will never have a lack of useful sectors to visit.

The first version of this 'game' is 0.0.1, the galaxy generation code. Without a galaxy, there's no game! Sectors are numbered sequentially for the players, and behind the scenes there are four types of sectors that players will travel through. Highway sectors that offer fast travel around the inner ring of the galaxy. Exchange sectors that serve as off-ramps for the highway, and connections to most of the rest of the galaxy. Clusters, groups of sectors that are mostly self-contained, with only a few points in or out. And threads, which could be wormholes that lead halfway across the galaxy, or meandering paths that lead you back to where you began! Savvy players will pick up on these patterns, and there may eventually be some mid-game tech to de-obfuscate details like this for players. v0.0.1 will take the dimensions from the player and generate a file that the game will use. This is the lowest of low bars, but I'm taking it one step at a time.
